A student should be able to see the details of his last semester. A Student should be able to see the tentative study plan. There shall be a point where students can register their courses according to warning status and semester number. Only academic office shall be able to add, delete, edit offered courses. BS students can register a maximum of 18 credit hours per semester including 5 courses and 1-course lab. MS students can register a maximum of 9 credit hours per semester. Warning Students shall not be able to register their courses on flex. The warning limit for BS is 2.00 CGPA, for MS is 2.50 CGPA, and for PhD it is 3.00 CGPA. If a student has failed the CORE course, then it must be automatically registered next time. Teachers can add attendance sheets based on section, lecture no., and date. Teachers can add marks sheets based on section, for what marks are uploaded (assignment, quiz, midterm, final marks). Student can only view their attendance based on semester, lecture. A Student can only view 
their marks based on semester, lecture, Type (assignment, quiz, midterm, final marks). The student should be able to view their transcript. The students of MS cannot register their thesis when 18 credit hours are not completed. The student should be able to view their previous semester marks. A student should be able to update their password. Password should be changed only via nu.edu provided email. A student should be able to edit/remove the course. A student should also change their password after login the portal. A student should not update their credentials. A student should be able to view all the previous history of his fee detail. A student should be able to download/print fee challan. A student should be able to view their fee detail semester vise. A student should provide course feedback before the examination. A student should be able to view their tentative study plan according to his program. A student should be able to view their attendance. A student should be able to drop the course. A 
student cannot able to drop Core , Must Take and Deficiency courses . System should be able to generate an alert in case student attendance fall short to 80%.A Student should be able to download course material from website.A System should be able to generate an alert in case student unable to upload an assignment on portal.
System should be able to generate an alert if assignment is due for a course. A system should not be able to register course in case of warning. In course registration table, there shall be a column for degree name e.g. , course of Data mining, computer science, software engineering etc. Teachers shall enter marks (quiz, assignment, examinations) within two weeks of submission.A students should be able to view their course record for all semester not for the current semester only.
students should only be able to view their attendance based on courses and should not be able to view attendance after semester.
system should be able to generate fee challan when requested. A system should be available for 99% of time. A System shall show the full fee details only based on selected courses registered by the student. A System shall only allow administrator to register new student on flex.A system shall not allow non university student to register on system. A administrator shall have right to remove student in case student leave the university. The system shall be able to remember the password of the user. The system shall notify the student whenever the attendance or marks are updated. The system shall display the timetable of instructors i.e., Class timings and counseling hours. The system shall provide academic counseling to the students within a specific time slot i.e., 08:30 am to 05:30 pm. The system shall allow a user to calculate his tuition fee against each course selection and deselection. The system shall generate timetable specific to each student, according to his chosen courses. A System shall provide a facility to anonymously add feedback regarding the course and the instructor.A System should display the basic information of every student.

